[THEME MUSIC]
>>WILLIAM HENRY: Hello,
I'm William Henry.
Welcome to "Awakened Soul: the
Lost Science of Ascension."
Our world is in transition.
Something huge, something
enormous, and wonderful
is unfolding, and we
are all a part of it.
We are making it happen.
The collective soul of
humanity is awakening.
It is doing so through the
challenge of world crisis
and powerful celestial factors.
Some call it the
"Great Awakening"
or the "Great Shifting" or
the "Lifting of the Veil,"
"Spiritual Disclosure,"
or the "Ascension."
It is all happening now.
And "Awakened Soul" is
about all of this and more.
In search of answers, you
may have studied religion
or philosophy, practiced
yoga, meditation, or explored
the evidence for ancient angels
and extraterrestrials, even
reptilian ones.
You have actually been and are
on an exciting cosmic quest
into the discovery, secrets, and
lost science of soul ascension.
You've picked up many clues.
And now, you wish to
put it all together.
What comes next
in your awakening
is the creation of
your ascension plan.
We have health plans,
financial plans, career plans,
retirement plans, family plans.
What about your soul
plan, your ascension plan?
At this moment, you
have two choices.
One, you can say you have
a plan and it's working.
Or two, you can recognize that
this conversation is truly
one, maybe the only one, that
really matters at this time,
and then join us
as we go forward
into a spectacular adventure
into the secrets of the soul
and ascension.
There will be highs and
lows, levels of awakening.
We still live one
breath at a time.
Awakening your soul is a
process, not a destination.
So we will focus on living it
rather than arriving at it.
And I am certain
there are keys here
to help you live
it the way you want
and to maximize your
incarnation on Earth.
It could be an image.
It could be a simple
word or a phrase.
I believe that it's here.
Soul ascension has been
at the core of my work
for nearly 20 years.
As a mythologist, my specialty
is human transformation
into celestial beings or angels.
I have followed the path
of the awakened ones,
the ascended ones,
the perfected ones,
who have completed the
path of earthly incarnation
and ascension that we are on.
They overcame the obstacles
and soul challenges
to cross the bridge of
eternity by manifesting
their light body of pure love.
And now are what the ancients
called cloudriders and ascended
ones, celestials
and starwalkers.
On Earth, we are all
pupils in this school
of ascension, starwalkers
in training, if you will.
It is interesting that when
pupil is spelled with an "-il,"
it means student.
It is also the core of the eye.
Pupal, with an "-al," is a stage
of metamorphosis as an insect
goes from embryo to imago, the
imaginal stage when it attains
maturity, as in the
case of the butterfly.
"Psych" is the ancient Greek
word for moth or butterfly
and creatures which transform
themselves into something new.
"Psych" is also the
ancient word for soul.
So how do we leave
our pupal phase
and attain our next
level of being?
I believe we can do so by
studying stories of they who
have actualized or realized
their potential or ascended,
and how this is
possible for all of us.
These stories are actually
mind maps for the soul.
From Ishtar in 2300
BC to Isis and Osiris
and Ptah in ancient Egypt
to Elijah in 800 BC,
to Mary Magdalene, to Jesus,
to Padmasambhava in 880 AD
to Francis of Assisi
to Paramahansa
Yogananda in the
20th century, we
will trace the path of soul
ascension and transcendence
by studying the stories
of the ascended ones.
But as we do so, as we tap into
their spiritual intelligence I
call ascension
intelligence, we will
be able to map our
minds to theirs.
By learning to think
like the ascended ones,
we can be like them.
We do this not for
ego gratification,
but because it is the next
step for the survival of all
of humanity.
We do this to end
suffering, to glorify God,
and to illuminate humanity,
the earth, and Gaia.
As each of us
awakens, in a sense,
the path of higher consciousness
vibrating on a higher
frequency, we become guides
or lights for all of humanity.
And we align with all and
with our highest goal, which
is connecting our world to the
greater world of light and love
beyond this one.
Some of you have
already done this
and have come back to
assist the rest of us.
Thank you all, though,
once again, for joining us.
We all will, sooner or later,
ask ourselves who am I,
what am I. Are we our body?
Or is our body merely
the container or vessel
for something else?
And if so, what is
that something else?
First, let's take
a look at our body.
Our body is, well, roughly 100
trillion or so living cells,
apparently imagined into
form by a brain firing
100 billion neurons
or nerve cells.
With each cell and neuron made
of countless number of atoms,
made up of electrons,
quarks, and gluons,
numbering into the
trillions of trillions,
and all cooperating
and colliding
at the invisible level
to make us who we are.
But that is nothing compared to
what is at the subatomic level.
Because pulling back the veil
as do the angels and avatars,
we enter the ultra bizarre
unseen, unmeasurable
other world of particles
and non-particles
where things are not things.
And particles become waves that
are not there but are there.
And they do impossible
things because they're
motivated by the limitless
laws of quantum mechanics
that totally contradict
limited real world
classical laws of nature and
the universe that is seen
and that we experience.
OK, so our body, our
flesh as a collection
of invisible smashing
atoms and molecules,
all brought to life by
something, but what is it?
It is our soul.
Our science that
was very limited
when it concerns the
special something.
Theoretical physicist Dr. Michio
Kaku recently defined the soul
as information.
It is the collection
of everything
you have ever put on Facebook,
every memory potentially
scanned by a supercomputer
in the future stored
and available to be
copied in the future,
into another version of
you just like passing data
from your flash
drive to your PC.
We are looking at the internet
of things at this moment.
Is this the collective
soul of humanity?
Is it the sum total of the
information we have put online?
Is that really our soul?
We also live during a time
when quantum teleportation
or beaming, Star Trek-style
from one location to another
is becoming possible.
As CS Lewis said, "you
don't have a soul.
You are a soul.
You have a body."
The question is what happens
to our soul when we beam?
Is our soul only information?
Or is it something
else that beams, too?
To answer this, we can turn
to holistic and eastern
medical practices, which
are based on the philosophy
that life has a quality
independent of the physical
and chemical laws.
Disease results
from some imbalance
in vital forces of
this something else
that we really are.
They have different names
for this something else,
elan vital, vital force, vital
spark, divine spark, the soul.
If we wake up the vital forces
of the soul beyond the body,
we can heal ourselves
and a whole lot more.
This philosophy is
called vitalism.
It's the basis for the
force in "Star Wars."
The force is what
gives a Jedi his power,
or in this case, Jesus.
It's an energy field created
by all living things.
It surrounds and penetrates us.
The takeaway here is that
the something within our body
is a living soul, a
force, and that it
has giant untapped powers.
According to the Gnostic text
in Western mystical tradition,
such as Kabbalah and
Sufism, our soul force
is also a divine spark
or seed that manifests
the physical body, our temple.
So our soul has a
wave particle duality.
It is a glowing, fiery particle,
thrown off from a great light.
It is a seed of a
great tree of light,
a drop from a cosmic ocean.
Gnosticism, going back
to the time of Plato,
teaches that our divine spark
has fallen into our world
and is entrapped in the
world of matter, symbolized
by the craggy rocky area in
this painting by Kano Hogai.
The soul must be awakened by
a divine aspect or celestial
counterpart of the
self, a messenger,
so that it can remember
its true origin
and be raised and reintegrated
with the divine sphere
or divine realm.
A most lucid and informative
explanation of the messenger
is provided by Anthony
Peake in his book,
"The Daemon Hypothesis,"
essentially, he says,
we all have two
aspects to ourself,
the every day self, the
"I," the me, or Eidolon,
lives within time and
perceives a limited amount
of what we term reality.
Our better half is the immortal
Daemon, the secret self,
which exists outside
time in the unseen realm
and knows not only what
has happened but also what
will happen next.
It is also known as the heavenly
twin, the angelic spirit,
the guide of light, the guide
of the soul, perfect nature.
We don't often
recognize this self
because the Daemon has
been demonized by organized
religion and our culture.
I mean, people who
hear voices or think
they can turn into light
beings are crazy, right.
But it's like we all have a
passenger in the seat beside us
at all times.
We are largely unaware of it.
It's like we're driving
with our eyes shut.
But this higher self is trying
to help us to navigate our way
home to our forgotten reality.
Our soul awakening occurs
when we open our eyes
and attain knowledge
of the celestial self,
and we begin living by its
more righteous or upright
directions rather than
our lower earthly self.
Have you ever seen your higher
self or connected with it?
I was given a possible
glimpse of my higher self
in January, 1999.
I had given a presentation
in Memphis, Tennessee.
And afterward, some of the group
went out for dinner together.
A woman was sitting
across the table from me,
and she was staring through me.
And she was concealing a
drawing that she was making.
And finally, she
produced the drawing.
This is your higher
self, she said.
And I was kind of blown away.
The three sacred
nuts, she said, were
a part of my consciousness.
But she didn't know
what they meant.
So was the related symbol
that looked like a trident.
It took me a number of
years, but I finally
learned that the trident is the
symbol for an instrument that
opens the gates of heaven.
And those three
sacred nuts, they
symbolize what
the Buddhists call
the Chintamani of the Buddha.
They are the three seeds
of the awakened soul
that produce the light body, or
sheer garment, he is wearing.
So did my higher self
reveal itself to this woman?
Who knows?
But maybe the future
me, like the future you,
was leaving clues,
like ET leaving
Reese's Pieces for Elliott.
The beautiful Indian
expression, "Namaste,"
acknowledges the divine
spark or spirit force within.
To perform Namaste, we
place the hands together
at the heart chakra, close
the eyes, and bow the head.
It can also be done by
placing the hands together
in front of the third
eye, bowing the head,
and then bringing the
hands down to the heart.
This is a spiritually-deep
practice of respect.
The hands on the heart
chakra increase the flow
of divine love, the
spirit, without which
nothing is possible.
Bowing the head to show our
crown and closing the eyes
helps the mind surrender to
the divine spark, the soul,
in the heart and merges
with the third eye.
It frees us from the body
and acknowledges the eternity
of the soul and connects
us to its origin
in the timeless realm.
In the Gnostic traditions,
which come from India,
the purpose of life is
to enable the divine
spark to be released from
its imprisonment in matter
and return to God or the divine
light, the timeless realm.
In the Dead Sea
Scrolls, the Essenes
expressed the concept of
Namaste in ascension this way.
May you be as an
angel of the presence
and the abode of holiness
to the glory of God.
May you be as an
angel of the presence
in the abode of holiness
to the glory of God.
That really sets a
powerful intention.
It says we want
to become angels.
In the Gnostic, Christian,
and Essene tradition,
the cosmic Christ
is seen as an avatar
of light, which is taken
human form in order to lead
human souls back to the light.
There is a competition
for our souls.
Christianity refers to the
body made by the divine
spark as the temple
of the Holy Spirit.
Your body is the temple.
The soul is the Holy Spirit
that the Hebrews called "I am."
Christianity brought
with it the idea
that both the soul
and the body it makes
will be raised together to
heaven at a future moment.
This resurrected
soul body is referred
to as a light body,
a soul light body
that we will mirror
in our own ascension.
When the Essene master John
the Baptist baptized Jesus,
he transmitted the Holy
Spirit in waves of light
into his open crown chakra.
He infused Jesus' body
with a light, a vibration,
that came from a
higher dimension.
The angels wait to give
the baptized Christ
his cloak of light, which is
called the robe of the soul,
and is worn by all the ascended
beings in the higher frequency
new world.
And it is our goal.
Acquiring this soul
garment is our life goal.
And our soul uses it to
open doors to other realms.
Just as a person
changes his clothes,
our soul can change our
body from incarnation
to incarnation.
We can rearrange the molecules
and change our soul clothes.
Jesus' soul transfiguration,
a metamorphosis,
demonstrated that our
body is transformable.
Though a divine spark,
the soul is redeemable.
It's immortal.
It comes from the
stars, and we literally
are truly made of star stuff.
Every single atom of our body,
except hydrogen and traces
of other light elements,
was formed in a supernova.
When a star explodes, it briefly
changes into a butterfly form.
This is another reason
why the butterfly
is one of the more profound
symbols for the awakened soul.
As Jesus taught, loving
actions awaken the soul
and produce bright white
clothes for the soul.
This is the White Tara
radiating her light body.
Buddhism teaches that we can
transform our world and ascend
to a purer place by
purifying our soul.
We do this by changing
the actions of our lives
from the inside out.
Just as 90% of losing
weight is about what
you put in your mouth,
90% of ascension
is about what comes
out of your heart.
Ascension and
attaining a light body
is about what you do or
don't do in each moment.
In addition to loving
actions, another way
the Gnostics and Buddhists
teach us to do this
is through contemplation
of sacred images
of soul transfiguration.
My wife Clare hosted
a series on Gaiam
called "Arcanum,"
in which we explored
the power of sacred art to
illuminate and enlighten us.
In Buddhism, this is a sacred
practice, called ekagrata,
or one point of focus
on sacred images.
The idea is that is that as
we connect with the images,
we become them as we actually
are one with everything
always in any way.
According to
Buddhism, each of us
holds within an
exhaustless source
of compassion and wisdom.
All we need to do is to connect
with our most essential nature,
our light body, that
has been covered over
by negative emotions
and false perceptions.
There are many ways to remind
ourselves of them, among them
are meditation, prayers,
yoga, recitation of mantras,
construction of inspiring
places, visiting sacred places.
But in Buddhism, there is
especially open eye meditations
on light body
images such as this,
which portray the state of being
of the ascended human form.
Sacred images play our
DNA like we play a piano.
And as we contemplate, meditate,
and reflect on the images,
we begin to mirror them
from the inside out.
This is based on the
Egyptian practice of making
magically active images.
So long as an action was seen
performed on the temple walls,
it existed into eternity.
This is why the early
Christians hacked out
the body parts of the Pharaohs
and severed the connection
with the divine realm.
One of our jobs is to
reassemble the lost connection
to the sacred imagination,
the mind of the soul.
I am personally
astounded by the power
of the soul, the awakened
soul and the power
of images to activate the soul.
Like the Egyptians and Gnostics,
Buddhist ascension teachings
say that paintings can become
portals to the afterlife realm.
To give you an example, one
of my favorite examples,
let's take a look at this
welcoming descent painting,
like this one, which were
indispensable religious
furnishings at
the time of death.
Such paintings depict
the scene in which
the Amida Buddha
and his attendants
descend from heaven on clouds
to take a believing soul back
to the Western paradise, where
pure land and the lotus throne.
The scrolls were often hung
by or beside the bedside
of the dying to ensure
the prospect of rebirth
in paradise.
Since traditionally, the
dying lay with their heads
to the north and their
faces turned west,
welcoming descent
paintings usually
depict the Buddha
and his entourage
coming from the upper left
down to the lower right
so as to meet the
gaze of the dying.
Sometimes, silken cords were
attached to the Buddhist's
hand, offering the dying
physical assistance
during the journey to paradise.
Did you know that
until 1926, humans
believed we lived in a celestial
egg, our Milky Way galaxy,
and that it was the
entirety of the universe?
That's right.
Until 100 years ago,
humanity thought
the entire universe was
comprised of only the stars we
see in the night sky.
In fact, when we look
into the night sky,
all the stars we see are in
the yellow dot in this image.
That's it.
There's obviously a
lot more out there.
Then, Hubble began looking
at photographs of the night
sky that showed cloudy
patches, called nebulae,
or interstellar clouds of dust.
Most of Hubble's colleagues at
the Mount Wilson Observatory
thought these
fuzzy eggs of light
were all in the Milky Way.
But Hubble didn't think so.
Hubble answered the question by
taking the best possible photos
of these fuzzy eggs
and proved that they
were outside and
beyond the Milky Way.
The cloudy egg of light
was a whole other galaxy,
and we named the newly
discovered galaxy Andromeda.
She was named after the
goddess in Greek mythology
who was chained naked
to a rock as a sacrifice
to the sea monster Cetus but
was saved from death by Perseus,
who rides in on his flying
white horse of light.
Hubble's discovery
led to the realization
that our galaxy is a
sister galaxy to hundreds
of billions of galaxies that
inhabit the known universe.
More, Hubble proved our
universe is expanding.
And this realization led
scientists to seek and discover
the origins of the universe.
Hubble's discovery completely
shattered our understanding
of existence by increasing
the size of the known universe
many, many times
over, Hubble took us
into the soul's true garden
and closer to our origins.
His discovery cracked
open the cosmic egg.
And it was humanity's
Great Awakening.
In the 1950s, the
Gaia Hypothesis
proposed our Mother Earth
is a conscious being.
And all of its life functions
as an organic whole.
In 2013, NASA validated
the Quran's assertion
that the earth is
actually egg-shaped.
So if the person is a conscious,
living and loving being,
how about our galaxy?
What if it, too, is
a conscious entity?
Can our galaxy be viewed as
a divine spark or cosmic egg
in a greater body of souls,
just as our soul is a divine
spark in our galaxy?
The answer is yes.
For we now know
that our galaxy is
one of 100,000 galaxies in
what is known as the Laniakea
Supercluster of Galaxies.
But this is only a tiny fraction
of the universe's estimated
total of 125 billion galaxies.
Laniakea is a Hawaiian word
meaning "immeasurable heaven."
The Hubble Space
Telescope opened a gateway
to this "immeasurable heaven."
And I've always loved the word
play or pun in the name Hubble.
"Hu" means God.
And with the addition
of a letter "a,"
the "bble" becomes
"Bable," the name
of the ladder or gate to
God in the pivotal story
of the book of Genesis.
The Tower of Babel was
located in ancient Babylon,
which was associated with
lust and prostitution.
The funny thing is, when
Hubble discovered the Andromeda
galaxy, he did so while peering
through the Hooker Space
Telescope.
The universe definitely
has a sense of humor.
In the book of Genesis, the
Old Testament God Yahweh
destroyed the Tower of Babel,
fearing that with this ladder,
nothing would be
impossible for humanity.
The Hubble Space Telescope
clearly opened a gate
to the stars, a stargate in
our consciousness, a soul gate.
Now, perhaps nothing will
be impossible for us.
Actually, watching
that Billy Meier video
wasn't my first awakening.
I had spent part of the
1980s doing private research
for a self-help guru,
answering questions
like, how does the brain work.
Why do people fail?
What is culture?
Why do people gain weight?
It was an amazing educational
experience for me.
I didn't realize it at the
time, but this research
was preparing me for
my own soul awakening.
This came when I entered a
literary contest, sponsored
by media mogul Ted Turner,
who was seeking answers
to our world's problems.
In 1989, Turner said that
science and technology can't
solve the world's problems.
And he offered $500,000 for the
best piece of fiction dealing
with themes ensuring the
survival and prosperity
of all life on Earth.
My story was called
"Turtle Island."
It was based on my
previous research.
It focused on a sage's dream
to build an academy where
the children of the world
would gather to learn to build
a new human civilization.
I named this school "Tula."
I didn't know where
the name came from.
It just popped into my head,
and it sounded really nice.
And in my story, Tula was the
largest man-made structure
on Earth, so large it could
be a seen from Earth's orbit.
It was shaped like an egg,
with butterfly-shaped wings
and a heart-shaped head.
These are the symbols
of rebirth, renewal,
and regeneration and the soul.
I actually pulled these
symbols off the glass doors
leading into my study.
And in my story,
this giant structure
was meant to be interpreted
by otherworldly beings
as a sign of our
civilization's advancement,
sort of like the Batman symbol
in the sky, if you will.
But I was soon in
for a huge surprise.
I learned that Tula actually
existed in the ancient world.
In fact, it was the
name of the temple
of the Aztec god Quetzalcoatl,
the winged or feathered
serpent.
Tula was also the name
of the central healing
sun, or the "spiritual
son" as the ancients
called it, the Golden
Womb, from whence
the ancients believed all our
souls originated and remain
connected to and
ultimately will return to.
The ancient sources said that
this place, Tula, feeds us
with a cosmic essence, a
healing wisdom, rays, or waters.
And our sun is a gateway
for this cosmic energy
that feeds the soul.
It was incredible to me that I
pulled a name out of thin air,
and it happened to be the name
of the place our souls came
from.
The soul loves synchronicity
or remembering, right.
This discovery set me off to
learn more about the Milky Way.
We all have much to remember
about our cosmic egg, our home
galaxy, the Milky Way.
Many ancient traditions
regard the Milky Way
as the pathway built by
the gods, which souls
follow to the other world.
At the end of this path
lies the land of the dead,
which is viewed as a return to
greater life from the soul's
perspective.
In 500 BC, the Greek
philosopher Pythagoras
taught that our souls dwell
in the waters of the Milky
Way between
incarnations, inferring
that when we incarnate
on Earth, we each
bring a ray of the
healing sun with us.
Astrophysicist Dr.
Paul LaViolette
traced these myths and the
source of these healing waters,
the source of our soul, to the
black hole at our cosmic egg
center.
The black hole is seen
in this NASA image
as a bright white
spot surrounded
by beautiful ethereal purple.
Is this the source of our souls?
Is it possible that the ancients
had a source of knowledge
beyond our science?
Could it be they knew the
secrets of the soul's origin
itself, and we are now
rediscovering that source?
In 2010, NASA discovered
that a pillar of gamma rays
is spewing from the
galactic center.
For the first time,
human beings not only
grasped our place
within the Milky Way
but we also
potentially discovered
secrets about our
source, almost as
if we are being welcomed home.
So let's take a moment to
look at this incredible NASA
animation of our home galaxy.
It is truly awe-inspiring
and soul-tingling.
For generations, the
existence of this pillar
of light within the spinning
cosmic egg was unknown.
We have to ask, what
else is out there
that we have yet to detect?
My Turner Tomorrow
award experience
left me with the belief that
teaching children and all
of humanity about
the soul really
is the answer to our
world's problems.
We have to get beyond
the skin and see
the soul within everything.
Think about how different
our world, your world
would be if instead of just
being educated as a child,
you were also illuminated.
In the spring of 1991,
I read a wonderful book
called "Life Between Life" by
Joel Whitten and Joe Fisher.
This book dealt with
themes about reincarnation
and the other side.
The authors ask the
questions, what happens
during the space between lives.
Where do our souls reside when
we are not incarnated on Earth?
Where do we spend our
life between lives?
Is it spent in the Milky
Way as Pythagoras taught?
Where were you before
you came to Earth,
and where are you
going from here?
Have you ever
thought about this?
I know you have.
And what have you concluded?
Please share it with
us, if you would like.
It will help all
of us to remember.
The circumstantial evidence
presented in the book
suggests that our
soul evolution is
decided prior to entering into
another physical lifetime.
As people and situations
enter our lives,
we begin to understand
that these were preselected
by us before we incarnated.
Do you believe that?
How many times have you
solidly, irrefutably recognized
or experienced this?
"Life Between Life" inspired
me to write my second book.
Its title is
"Junior Cosmic Egg."
And it is the story
of a cosmic egg
named Junior, who wants to grow
up to become his own universe.
During this time, I was leading
a children's Sunday School
at a religious science
church in Nashville
and intended "Junior"
to be a children's book.
I hoped that the story of
this tiny egg realizing
the unlimited potential
packed inside him
would inspire kids of
all ages to explore
the power within themselves
and our astonishing universe.
I envisioned a children's
metaphysical workshop
around "Junior," in
which he would teach kids
the lost language of
symbolism as a way
to unite the children
of the world.
I hand-illustrated hundreds
of copies of this book
and gave out Junior
Cosmic Egg Awards
for outstanding
achievement in the service
to the transformation
of the human race.
Al Gore, Oprah Winfrey,
Don Henley, Dr. John Lilly
were among my awardees.
I would surprise
them at public events
with their award for
their achievements.
And with "Junior
Cosmic Egg" in hand,
I set off lecturing on the
Whole Life Expo circuit.
My topic was "Kids and
the New Consciousness."
And I'd gone about
collecting stories
of children's interactions
with angels, extraterrestrials,
and even Jesus, most of which
were absolutely astounding.
And it led me to
realize that there's
a whole lot more going on in
our world than most realize.
Often, it was the
parents who contributed
the most amazing stories.
It turns out that they,
too, had experienced
these otherworldly beings.
But being children
of the '50s and '60s,
they weren't able to tell their
parents about these encounters
for fear that they
wouldn't believe them
or they'd think they're weird.
But our world has
shifted dramatically
in the past 25 years.
Now, angels and
extraterrestrials
are the new normal.
Our universe has expanded.
Our collective
soul is awakening.
We are ascending and getting
closer to discovering
the lost science of the soul.
"Junior Cosmic
Egg" introduced me
to a whole new world of
mythology I never knew existed.
I learned that for
thousands of years,
the cosmic egg had
symbolized the soul,
going back 7,000 years to
the incredible Algarve egg.
The ancients in all
lands revered the egg
as the symbol of
regeneration and immortality
in the galaxy and the soul.
To alchemists, it was the
philosophical egg, guarded
by the serpent or dragon.
There's that
reptilian code again.
Since the paleolithic
times, the beginning of life
has been described as the
hatching of a cosmic egg,
laid by a sacred great
mother bird, the golden goose
or ghoost as in Holy
Ghost of fairy tales
that drops the egg into the
waters of space or chaos.
Isn't it interesting
that Laniakea,
the "immeasurable heaven"
resembles a bird in flight?
This is a bird-shaped jug
from Phaistos on ancient Crete
from around 2000 BC.
Within its body are
spirals and eggs.
It tells the story of
how this egg cracked open
and all life appeared.
Cosmic energy, or essence, the
seed from which all life began,
including our souls,
sprang into existence
and fanned out in
spiraling ways.
It's incredible that
it looks astonishingly
similar to the spiraling funnel
of emissions NASA discovered
coming from the supermassive
black hole buried
in the heart of
our galaxy in 2010.
To ancient philosophers,
the question
about which came first, the
chicken or the egg, also
evoke questions of how life,
the soul, and the universe
in general began.
To Aristotle, they
both always existed.
For Plato, before everything
appeared on Earth,
it first existed in
spirit as a thought.
Speaking of Plato, I have
traced his story of Atlantis
to the temple of Horus
at Edfu in Egypt, where
we find that the
Edfu creation text,
and also to Dendera, Egypt.
These texts say that
in the beginning
of Egyptian cosmology, there is
the cosmic egg that emerged out
of the spirit
waters of creation.
Blue light beings
with bird heads,
bearing some kind of technology,
emerged from the cosmic egg
and created the island of the
egg, out of which emerged,
or hatched, the first
human civilization.
The symbol of the egg in
creation myths is ubiquitous.
It's everywhere
throughout the world.
In the Indian knowledge system,
for example, the cosmic egg
is known as Hiranyagarbha,
meaning a golden hued womb.
And the Big Bang of
creation is expressed
as Brahmanda Visphotak,
or universal explosion.
In the Kalevala, the
Finnish national epic,
there's a myth of the
world being created
from the fragments of an egg.
And according to Chinese
mythology, in the beginning
there was nothing
in the universe
except a formless chaos.
Then, this chaos coalesced
into a cosmic egg
for about 18,000 years before
breaking in half to create
the sky and the earth.
The idea that our souls
came from or is a cosmic egg
is actually shared by the Celts,
the Greeks, the Egyptians,
Phoenicians, Canaanites,
Tibetans, Hindus, Vietnamese,
Chinese, Russians, Central
Americans, and Indonesians.
It suggests to me
that this concept was
a self-evident truth
or that someone
had given this code symbol,
this code of the soul,
to these varied peoples through
some form of revelation,
perhaps by some form of ethereal
spirit or wandering missionary
or missionaries.
In their art, the Mayans
were among several cultures
that used what we
call the letter
G to symbolize the egg creator,
the essence, and the Milky Way.
When the G appears on the walls
of Mayan temples, pyramids,
sculptures, or in their codices,
says Mayan ceremonial leader
Hunbatz Men, it's a code
symbol for the secret mysteries
of the science or religion of
the Milky Way, the cosmic eggs.
How the Mayans knew a galaxy
was G-shaped is unknown.
But the Maya were not alone in
symbolizing the galaxy by a G.
This Neolithic design depicts
two human figures consisting
of two triangles in
almond-shaped enclosures
on either side of a
meandering belt of G's.
The primitive
artist who rendered
this scene was supposed to have
been barely capable of playing
with sticks and stones, yet
from a modern point of view,
its narrative suggests
knowledge of wormholes
linking multiple galaxies.
It appears to me
that this figure
started at one end of
the belt of galaxies
and starwalked through the
other four G's, or galaxies.
For thousands of years, the
clockwise spiral ideogram
has been strongly associated
with water, power,
and outgoing energy.
Starting from the
middle, it forms
a G. Its mirror or twin
image or inversion,
the spiral in its
counterclockwise rotation,
appeared at approximately
the same time.
And it happens to be an Egyptian
hieroglyph for "thread."
Both symbols resemble a fetus.
And a similar Chinese ideogram
means return or homecoming.
To the Mayans, the
G also represented
the concept of zero, an egg.
And the egg happens to be
a modern scientific symbol
meaning galaxy.
Going deeper, the
G shape is also
the musical notation
for a whole note,
which also resembles an egg.
As this sacred note
rises within us,
we transform, is
the message here.
In ancient Egypt,
the creator god Ptah
was a potter who
fashioned the human body
by potting it like an egg.
Mithras, the Roman god,
was born from a cosmic egg.
And the Magi of
the Christ story,
knew the secret of the
mystical cosmic egg.
One of the earliest
icons of Mary
shows Jesus in a glowing
transparent cosmic egg
in her womb.
This image has tremendous
spiritual power now
that we know we are all
considered to be cosmic eggs.
Until the eighth
century, the Christ child
was shown in a cosmic
egg, in this case, blue.
And as we will explore
in detail later,
the blue egg or blue sphere is
actually a bubble for transport
and is described by shamans
as a sort of quantum egg
that the soul uses to phase
in and out of our reality.
Finally, our transfiguration
or change in form,
as occurred to Jesus, is
symbolized by the egg of light
surrounding Jesus during
the transfiguration when
His body became a star gate.
The egg of light is also
seen in the ascension.
The resurrected Christ is often
enthroned in a cosmic egg.
It is the Merkabah
egg, the throne
or chariot of the soul
of Jewish mysticism.
And, according to
tradition, some time
after the Resurrection
of Christ,
Mary Magdalene went to Rome
to see emperor Tiberius Caesar
and announced to him that
Christ had risen from the dead
and explained how
it all took place.
After she finished,
Tiberius noticed
a man next to him
holding a basket of eggs.
And Tiberius challenged Mary
that if what she said was true,
then the white
eggs in the basket
should be turned into red eggs.
Suddenly, the eggs turned red,
leaving Caesar astonished.
And this is why we
decorate eggs on Easter.
And the appearance of Christ
is symbolized by the egg.
Finally, it is upon this
blue cosmic egg or sphere
that Christ will appear on
Judgment Day or the Second
Coming.
As we see here, blue angels
compose the cosmic egg.
So do such similar
origin stories
exist simply because all life
on Earth starts from an egg,
even though early
humans presumably
did not know that we,
too, begin life in an egg?
Or might it reveal
that our ancestors
had a greater knowledge
of our soul, our world,
and our universe
than we imagine?
Might they have known that
our soul is a cosmic egg,
and that one day,
we, too, will ascend
to the stars in a cosmic egg?
Until next time, be humble.
Let your light shine.
Namaste.
This is William Henry.
Thank you for watching.